# SmartContractTest

This repository exists all the log and data we used and generated.

## Preliminary Study

**contracts.csv** : This file consists the information we survey from Github to observe whether there exist test cases in one smart contract projects.

**repositories.docx**: This file consists of the survey that the test cases situation of the repositories mentioned in the paper “Harvey:  A Greybox Fuzzer for Smart Contracts”.

## Assessment

### Experiment1

**all_funcs_need.json** : original data. 66528 functions and their inputs.

**sample.json** : The sample functions in the experiment.

**test.json** : The target functions to be tested after division.

**embedding.txt** : The embedding matrix generated by the samples.

**log** : The result log of this experiment. log1\~3 represents the top-1, log4\~6 represents the top-5, log7\~9 represents the top-10.

### Experiment2

**all_funcs_need.json** : original data. 66528 functions and their inputs.

**sample.json** : The result after preprocessing the original data, sample functions.

**abis** : target smart contracts' abis.

**top1, top5, top10** : the recommended seeds for each smart contracts.

**Result_FD_R1.txt, Result_FD_R51.txt, Result_FD_R101.txt** : the result ExecuWatch get.

**Result_FD_fuzz_1** : the result of transactions' execution using the seeds generated randomly.

**result.xslx** : The statistical data about successful count and successful rate.

### Experiment3

**abis** : target smart contracts' abis.

**sourceCode** : target smart contracts' source code.

**originalApproach** : vulnerability detection result using random generation

**newApproach** : vulnerability detection result using approach mentioned in the paper.
